When a move is made and it's successful the knowledge gained is
the asker, askee, and card. We must also learn that the asker
must have had a card in that set so their knownset must be updated
to include all cards in that set that aren't already in known. Those
must then also be removed from possible. The number of cards for the
asker should go up and for the askee go down. The known for the
asker should include the card taken.

When an unsuccessful move is made the knowledge gained is that
neither the asker nor askee has the card. We learn that the asker
has a card in that set so their knownset now includes everything
from that set that isn't that card. Remove those cards from possible.

If there is ever a single card from a set in knownset then it should
move to known.

If numCards is equal to length of known then knownset and possible 
should be cleared.

If numCards ever reaches zero then their knowledge should be completely
empty.

If a card is not in anyone's knowledge except for one person then that card
should be moved to known for that person.

There's a lot more like:
    - specific set hasn't been asked but players have known and knownset cards
    that make it impossible for them to have it so another person has it.
    - when 2 sets are left if it isn't known what the other team has but 
    their knownset does not include the other set then your team must have it
    and vice versa
    - if n number of cards of the same set are in knownset and they are known
      to have n cards of that set then those cards in knownset move to known 




Example Scenario:
 I have 2D and 7D and opponent has 4D and 5D but I don't know that
  -People have everything in possible
 I ask for 3D and get it wrong
  -People add low diamond set to knownset and remove 3D from possible
 I lose my 2D 
  -People remove 2D from possible and knownset and move other low diamonds to possible
 I get asked for 6D its wrong
  -People remove 6D from my possible
 I ask for 2D back
  -People move everything in possible to knownset (4D 5D 7D)
 I ask for 4D get right
  -People take 4D from knownset and possible and move to known
 I ask for 5D get right
  -People take 5D from knownset and possible and move to known
  -Since only 7D in knownset it gets added to known

Example Scenario 2:
 I have 2D and opponent has 3D 4D and 6D
 I ask for 3D and get right
  -People put 3D in known and move rest of low Diamond to knownset
 I ask for 4D and get right
  -People move 4D from knownset to known
 I ask for 7D and get wrong
  -People remove 7D from knownset and possible
 I lose my 3D
  -People remove 3D from known, knownset, and possible
 I lose my 4D
  -People remove 3D from known, knownset, and possible
 I get asked 5D and its wrong
  -People remove
 I take 3D
 I take 4D
 I take 6D


Based on these examples:
  When I lose a card that's in known. The other cards in that
  set get moved from knownset to possible.